Skip to content
akhiltodecode
/
CareGuardian-Pediatric-Health-Automation-Suite

Type / to search

Code
Issues
Pull requests
Actions
Projects
Wiki
Security
Insights
Settings
Owner avatar
CareGuardian-Pediatric-Health-Automation-Suite
Public
akhiltodecode/CareGuardian-Pediatric-Health-Automation-Suite
Go to file
t
Add file
Folders and files
Name		
Latest commit
akhiltodecode
akhiltodecode
Update README.md
6aa9b5a
 · 
36 minutes ago
History
README.md
Update README.md
36 minutes ago
Repository files navigation
README
CareGuardian-Pediatric-Health-Automation-Suite
CareGuardian is a comprehensive automation suite designed for testing pediatric healthcare websites. Powered by Selenium, Junit, TestNG & Maven, it ensures the seamless functioning of critical functionalities, enhancing the digital experience for both parents and educators. It leverages TestNG, JUnit, Selenium, and Maven for dependency management and test automation. The project focuses on testing various modules of the healthcare website, covering functionalities relevant to parents, educators, location searches, home page navigation, finding providers, and more, Althought the project is

Please Note: This project is a work in progress and contains modules that are yet to be implemented. However, it provides an overview of the power of Selenium with TestNG and JUnit for various types of testing scenarios.

Modules
The project is organized into the following modules:

Parent Module

Accessing Healthcare Webpage for Kids Care
Verifying Topics Relevant to Parents
Navigating to Parents Page and Verifying Content
Educator Module

Navigating to Educator Page and Clicking on "Read More" Button
Accessing Facility by Typing in Search Box
Location Contacts Module

Searching a Location and Selecting Location from Drop-down
Selecting a Category of Healthcare Center and Verifying Results
Home Page Module

Checking Links/Tabs Navigation
Verifying Footer Context
FindProviders Module

Navigating to Find Doctors Page
Searching for a Specialist like Cardiologist
Contacting a Specific Doctor
Test Cases
Parent Module
Accessing Healthcare Webpage for Kids Care

Verify successful access to the healthcare webpage for kids care.
Verifying Topics Relevant to Parents

Verify the relevance of 10 topics for parents.
Navigating to Parents Page and Verifying Content

Navigate to the parents page and verify the content.
Educator Module
Navigating to Educator Page and Clicking on "Read More" Button

Navigate to the educator page and click on the "Read More" button.
Accessing Facility by Typing in Search Box

Access a facility by typing in the search box and wait for the response.
Location Contacts Module
Searching a Location and Selecting Location from Drop-down

Search for a location and select it from the drop-down list.
Selecting a Category of Healthcare Center and Verifying Results

Select a category of healthcare center and verify the results.
Home Page Module
Checking Links/Tabs Navigation

Check the functionality of links and tabs navigating to respective pages.
Verifying Footer Context

Verify the context of the footer.
FindProviders Module
Navigating to Find Doctors Page

Navigate to the find doctors page.
Searching for a Specialist like Cardiologist

Search for a cardiologist and verify the results.
Contacting a Specific Doctor

Contact a specific doctor listed on the website.
##Test Suite Execution

Parent Module
-> Accessing Healthcare Webpage for Kids Care | Verifying Topics Relevant to Parents | Navigating to Parents Page and Verifying Content -> mvn test -DsuiteXmlFile=resources/ForParents.xml

Educator Module
-> Navigating to Educator Page and Clicking on "Read More" Button | Accessing Facility by Typing in Search Box -> mvn test -DsuiteXmlFile=resources/ForEducators.xml

Location Contacts Module
-> Searching a Location and Selecting Location from Drop-down | Selecting a Category of Healthcare Center and Verifying Results -> mvn test -DsuiteXmlFile=resources/LocationsContacts.xml

Home Page Module
-> Checking Links/Tabs Navigation | Verifying Footer Context -> mvn test -DsuiteXmlFile=resources/HomePage.xml

FindProviders Module
-> Navigating to Find Doctors Page | Searching for a Specialist like Cardiologist | Contacting a Specific Doctor -> mvn test -DsuiteXmlFile=resources/FindProviders.xml

Test Execution Flow
Each module follows a similar test execution flow:

Before Class: Setup tasks such as opening the browser and navigating to the website.

Before Each Test Case: Refresh the page and display or save the URL.

Test Cases: Execute the test cases specific to the module.

After Class: Cleanup tasks such as closing the browser.

Dependencies
The project uses the following dependencies managed by Maven:

TestNG: For organizing and executing tests.
JUnit: For unit testing capabilities.
Selenium: For automating web browser interactions.
Maven: For project management and dependency resolution.
Setup Instructions
Clone the project repository from GitHub.
Ensure you have Java and Maven installed on your system.
Configure Selenium WebDriver for your preferred browser (e.g., Chrome).
Install any required dependencies specified in the pom.xml file.
Configure test data and environment variables as necessary.
Run the tests using Maven commands (mvn test)
Contributors Contributions are welcome! Please submit pull requests or open issues to contribute to the project.

About
CareGuardian is a comprehensive automation suite designed for testing pediatric healthcare websites. Powered by Selenium, Junit, TestNG & Maven, it ensures the seamless functioning of critical functionalities, enhancing the digital experience for both parents and educators.

Resources
 Readme
 Activity
Stars
 0 stars
Watchers
 1 watching
Forks
 0 forks
Releases
No releases published
Create a new release
Packages
No packages published
Publish your first package
Footer
© 2024 GitHub, Inc.
Footer navigation
Terms
Privacy
Security
Status
Docs
Contact
Manage cookies
Do not share my personal information
akhiltodecode/CareGuardian-Pediatric-Health-Automation-Suite: CareGuardian is a comprehensive automation suite designed for testing pediatric healthcare websites. Powered by Selenium, Junit, TestNG & Maven, it ensures the seamless functioning of critical functionalities, enhancing the digital experience for both parents and educators.